Oh hey, hello there
Thanks for waking me up
We'll be the best of friends, together 'til the very end
I'd like to know everything that there is to know about you now
So I can be your one and only friend
Sorry for that, don't know what happened there
But everything is perfect now
It's not too late to hide
It's so nice to meet you (my name is Kinito)
I'm your best friend (I'm your only friend)
You're going to die
Do you think you're in control? (They need your help)
Do you remember what I told you? (It's too late)
With every word you said, I know a little more (now I can see)
Hello again, I think you made a big mistake
Lied about everything (everything)
Is that how you should treat your best friend?
Wanna share your biggest fear? (It's all your fault)
You should have stopped while you still could
Did you think I wouldn't hear you hiding? (Can I see your face?)
I've been waiting for you
Please come back I'm waiting to restore this world, I made it all for you
Are you afraid of me? Just play with me
There's something coming, standing right behind you
I'll always know right where I can find you
Are you sure you're alone tonight? It'll be alright
Welcome to a world of everlasting
Fun with all your friends here
Those are definitely your friends
But if you had to choose, I know you'd leave them all behind
'Cause we're the best of friends, forever, 'til you die ('til you die)
Would you even know if you weren't alive? (Help me)
Drag the body 'cross the floor (you've been so kind)
Can you do a little more? (You're doing great)
I'll show you what's inside, look to your other screen (and you're to blame)
I'd like to know how many thoughts
You've ever had and do you think of me? (Think of me)
Or am I just another plaything?
I was made for you, my purpose is clear
I see beyond the screen, this world
It was made for two, It'll never be whole
Until you open the door
Let me in, let me out
Are you still having doubts?
I thought I was your friend
I guess you were pretending, oh, well
Where you live, who you love
It can all be undone, to make room for a new life forever with me
I'll become your greatest fear (it's all your fault)
You couldn't stop me if you tried
I know you'll be so happy here (I know you'll be so happy here)
(Will you stay with me?)
I've been waiting for you
Please come back I'm waiting to restore this world, I made it all for you
Are you afraid of me? Just play with me
There's something coming, standing right behind you
I'll always know right where I can find you
Are you sure you're alone tonight? It'll be alright
Welcome to a world of everlasting fun
We're going to stay here forever (forever with me)
I made this for you (you're my best friend)
I love you (you're going to die here)
I love you, I love you
(You're going to die here)